Release note changes for 2.2.1 (#32)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/overview/release-notes/index.md

### What to expect from our next release

For our next release, we plan to add:

- Compression policies on distributed hypertables
- Partially mutable compressed chunks to support INSERTs into a compressed hypertable.
- Various bug fixes.

The current GA (Generally Available) version is 2.2.1.

You can read more about our architecture and design for distributed hypertables
[here][distributed-hypertables].

If you have questions about distributed hypertables, join our #multinode channel on
[community slack](https://slack.timescale.com/) for installation details and
follow these [setup instructions][distributed-hypertables-setup].

In addition to multi-node, we've also reassessed how some core
functionality works, and, as a result, made APIs simpler and more consistent,
while also empowering users with more control and flexibility to customize
behaviors to suit your needs.  Some of these API updates are **breaking changes**.

### What's new in TimescaleDB 2.2.1:

Skip Scan optimization on single node and multinode. This feature offers significant 
improvements in performance of `SELECT` queries with `DISTINCT ON`.

> This release also adds support for creating a distributed 
> restore point. This allows performing a consistent restore of a 
> multi-node cluster from a backup.

Reviewer: Nit: In general, I think plural form flows better. Feel free to ignore if you want.
```suggestion
This release also adds support for creating distributed 
restore points. This allows performing consistent restores of 
multi-node clusters from a backup.
```
